refactor: more edge case tests for CLIP audio encoder (#223)
jina-ai/executors: jinahub/encoders/audio/AudioCLIPEncoder/README.md

# AudioCLIPEncoder

**AudioCLIPEncoder** is a class that wraps the [AudioCLIP](https://github.com/AndreyGuzhov/AudioCLIP) model for generating embeddings for audio data.

> This encoder is meant to be used in conjunction with the [AudioCLIPImageEncoder](https://github.com/jina-ai/executors/tree/main/jinahub/encoders/image/AudioCLIPImageEncoder) and [AudioCLIPTextEncoder](https://github.com/jina-ai/executors/tree/main/jinahub/encoders/text/AudioCLIPTextEncoder), as it can embedd text, images and audio to the same latent space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This encoder is meant to be used in conjunction with the [AudioCLIPTextEncoder](https://hub.jina.ai/executor/jfe8kovq) and [AudioCLIPTextEncoder](https://hub.jina.ai/executor/jfe8kovq), as it can embed text, images and audio to the same latent space.
```

> For more information, such as run executor on gpu, check out [documentation](https://docs.jina.ai/tutorials/gpu-executor/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, such as run executor on gpu, check out [documentation](https://docs.jina.ai/tutorials/gpu-executor/).

## See Also
- [AudioCLIPTextEncoder](https://hub.jina.ai/executor/jfe8kovq)
- [AudioCLIPImageEncoder](https://hub.jina.ai/executor/3atsazub)
```
